Receipt of Request

Representatives generally receive requests via CSP or e-mail. Requests to update multiple merchants are considered a project and are forwarded to the Project email box versus having to complete a CSP incident for each Merchant.

Validate the Request

To complete an Average Ticket and Annual Volume, the request must be approved by Credit and must include Merchant Number, Name.

Note:
Any Annual Volume and/or Average Ticket updates, even if stated as a typo, need to go to Credit except those due to Canada Onboarding Errors.



Add/Change Average Ticket and Annual Volume

1. Sign on to MAS, then go to 02 - Merchant Index File (IDX), press Enter.
2. Go to page 3 of the IDX screen by pressing F8 thrice.
3. Press F6 to enable edit mode.
4. Change the Annual Deposit (AV) and Average Ticket (AT) fields
a. Update each field with the numbers provided by the requestor (commas and/or decimals not required)
b. Credit may use K and M abbreviations for amount
K = $1,000; M = $1,000,000 (ie. $5k $5,000; $1.2M $1,200,000)
c. Hit Enter twice to confirm the change
d. Go to the Main Menu by pressing F3 twice.


Memo account change in MAS

1. Go to the Main Menu by pressing F3 twice.
2. Press F4 to add a memo. Don't forget to key in your representative initials. Here's the syntax that you will need to type in for your memo:
3. Once the note is complete, press Enter then type N in the Purge field, followed by another enter.

Note:
Whenever we receive a request to update DISCOVER VOLUME, MBOCS should update ANNUAL DEPOSIT in MAS page 3 by increasing or decreasing the amount based on what is being requested for Discover Volume.


Example:

1. Request is to change Discover Volume from $5,000 to $10,000

a. Action - Change Annual Deposit in MAS
From:

To:

2. Request is to change Discover Volume from $10,000 to $5,000

a. Action Change Annual Deposit in MAS
From:

To:

Note:
If the request is to increase/decrease Discover ATS - we will just adjust the Average Ticket in MAS depending on the increase/decrease amount of the Discover.



Closing of CSP incident
1. Add memo in CSP
2. Close CSP incident
3. Documents/email related to the request must be uploaded


PRODUCTIVITY TOOL Tagging





SLA

24hrs SLA- Request received from CAD_MBOCS-Escals@globalpay.com and
US MBOCS-Escals@globalpay.com
48hrs SLA- Request received from CSP CAD_MBOCS-Demographics@globalpay.com and US MBOCS-Demographics@globalpay.com

Escalation Matrix

GSC Escals POC 2024

Information Security Control
Follow company policies.
Do not share or use other analysts credentials or passwords. Rules and Guidelines should be followed always.

File Retention Period
One year










